add 3xpl.com and blockchair.com to Products and Services section (#106)
substrate-developer-hub/awesome-substrate: README.md

- [`sup`](https://github.com/clearloop/sup) - Command line tool for generating or upgrading a Substrate node.
- [`scale-value`](https://github.com/paritytech/scale-value) - Analogous to `serde_json` but for SCALE; Library to decode arbitrary SCALE encoded bytes into a dynamic `Value` given type info from `scale-info`.
- [`scale-decode`](https://github.com/paritytech/scale-decode) - Decode SCALE bytes into arbitrary custom types by implementing a visitor trait.

> - [3xpl.com](https://3xpl.com/polkadot) — Fastest ad-free universal block explorer and JSON API with Polkadot support by [@3xplcom](https://github.com/3xplcom).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [3xpl.com](https://3xpl.com/polkadot) - Universal block explorer and JSON API with Polkadot maintained by [@3xplcom](https://github.com/3xplcom).
```

- [Aleph.im](https://aleph.im) - Scalable, decentralized database, file storage, and computation services for Substrate chains and more.
- [Archive](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-archive) - Indexing engine for Substrate chains.

> - [Blockchair.com](https://blockchair.com/polkadot) - Universal blockchain explorer and search engine with Polkadot support by [@Blockchair](https://github.com/Blockchair).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Blockchair.com](https://blockchair.com/polkadot) - Universal blockchain explorer and search engine with Polkadot maintained by [@Blockchair](https://github.com/Blockchair).
```
